There are things you can see when you're young, but can't when you grow up. In reverse, there are things that you see as an adult that you never noticed as a child. But what is it that you're supposed to see, and what you're not?
Hikari was saying earlier that if it doesn't occur around us, we can't understand. In the end, I wonder if it is even possible to share the same feelings.
Isn't it scary? We can never understand how serious a matter is unless it actually occurs around us.
Knowing nothing is just a chance to learn new things.
Acting on the basis of good intentions alone isn't enough.
I don't like holding myself back for the sake of others. Being quiet in front of people means you're just complaining later. When people have something to say they should just speak up. (Although: don't be a jikochu either!)
Know the darkness and go beyond.
Being a great human hasn't got anything to do with being envied. It's only measured by how much we can contribute to others.
You must be more troubled. You must suffer more. Because that's what it means to live. Even if you feel miserable and don't want anyone to see you, you have to go on.
Erasing darkness completely may be impossible, for where there's light, there's darkness; that's why don't lose sight of the light inside you, however dark it may be. Light gives life to this world; hope means not to lose the light even when engulfed by darkness.
In people's heart as well as the world, there is light and darkness. They will continue to battle each other forever. However, as long as you keep the light in your heart and hold the power to realize your dreams, all will be fine. Those who will turn the pages of new adventures are you.
If we try hard enough, we'll be able to do something. If we all work together, there's nothing we can't do.
We have to grab our future with our own hands [for our dream to come true].
Is it okay to be stuck in the past [when you have things to do now]?
There is a reason behind every being's existence, that only that being can find out.
If you don't want to do [insert something a highly selective program chose you for], then you don't have to do it. You may do it only if you want to. Yes, may be you were chosen because you could do something about it, but you need not. The onus is on the ones who chose you. There's no obligation on you to do it.
It is pointless to question who someone really is. All you can do is believe and accept. Because the way you perceive someone is their true identity.
I thought that the closer the real and virtual world got, the better the future would be. But the more boundary between them blurs, the more it starts to trick people.
Life isn’t just doing things for yourself. It’s possible to live in such a way that other people’s happiness makes you happy too.
There is one thing I’ve learned here. To keep doing your best, up until the very end.
It’s okay to live, even if there’s no greater point to living.
I always say exactly what I’m feeling and if they don’t like me, that’s fine! It doesn’t change the fact that I was close to their hearts.
Those who can’t abandon anything can’t change anything.
There is no truth in this world. Anyone can become a God or a Devil, all it takes is for someone to claim that to be the truth.
He doesn’t need to become great. Why would he have to be better than everyone else? Just look at him… don’t you see how cute he is? He is already great. Because he was born into this world.
We humans are all the same, every last one of us. For some it’s drink, some it’s women, some even religion, family, the king, dreams, children, power, all of us had to spend our lives drunk on something, else we’d have no cause to keep pushing on. Everyone was a slave to something.
